---
title: Project trials
description: 'What worked and what did not!'
category: 'While this section gives information on all that we have tried, you can take note and try something new!' 
---

## Logging Progress for Rural School detection

Attempted to Use google satellite basemap from SASPlanet. Ignored due to Licence restrictions.

Effort to generate MAPBOX satellite basemap mosaic. MOBAC generated mapbox mosaic as inputs but of lower image quality consequently garbage predictions obtained.

Making use of Mapbox tiles instead of MOBAC generated mosaic due to increased data visual quality

Include rural school POIs with large footprint and ignore outliers like small ones and those that are irregularly shaped.

<p>Detection of Building edges not pronounced. Received feedback from the data science team to include building edges in training. But did not serve the purpose as it was not a whole entity.</p>

29th October Building edges are sharp, school based features have diminished. Our next effort would be to train urban POIs of increased data quality eg. Chennai, Kerala

Improved detections from model weights containing Chennai, Kerala pois

Data Fusion to overcome old satellite basemaps in rural areas. Use of Planetscope data from NICFI programme along with Worldview-4 or Mapbox satellite basemap

Image distortion due to use of nonstandardized DNs. Figured fix to remove distortion using reflectance data

Obtain predictions for two districts and create confusion matrix. Satisfactory predictions obtained.



