---
title: Development Quickstart Guide
description: 'This section holds content needed for Developers inorder to contribute and/or use our work'
category: 'Getting started' 
---

## Data : Getting Mapbox's Satellite Basemap tiles
<p>API access tokens are obtained by [signing up](https://account.mapbox.com/)</p>
[here](https://github.com/geospoc/unc-sch-01).

## Deep Learning Model 
<p>The U-net model used requires less training data. The model is a deep CNN which learns segmentation in an end-to-end setting. The Satellite UNET model used is implemented through keras-unet package.The script utilises the following packages : keras, keras-unet, scikit-image, PIL & matplotlib. The script is tested with keras 2.3.1 with tensorflow 1.15.2</p>

## Training the model
<p>The Training data for schools is input in the form of point of interest (POI)'s in the csv file. The csv file contains necessary Latitude and Longitude. Accordingly the script loads csv file and downloads the tiles at zoom level 17 from Mapbox.It is also necessary to sign up and obtain an API key for the same.</p>

## Obtaining Predictions
<p>Rural School Predictions can be obtained from the following</p> [weights and scripts](https://github.com/geospoc/unc-sch-01/tree/master/prediction_scripts)

### Filtering unwanted Tiles 
<p>Planetscope data is used to filter buitup area and download corresponding Mapbox Tiles for Predictions. Corresponding codebase can be found</p> [here] (https://github.com/geospoc/unc-gis-planet-download)

## Saliency Maps
<p>It is important to visualise the model at each filter inorder to understand what the model is looking at. Saliency maps are used for this purpose. Script for the same would be updated here shortly</p>



